hello Ruby and today I'm doing another
study with me this is from the 25th of
February 2017 at the moment are in just
typing up notes from more ers now I'm
making a Quizlet for chemistry
next I am planning and writing an essay
for English on the risk scale
[Music]
here I'm doing a mini chemistry task
that I make myself oh no Barna chemistry
now I make some corrections to my
Spanish acne because I knew I'd make
lots of silly errors and it's good just
to check over it actually my camera's
died halfway through filming this thing
you only see me editing the first
paragraph
[Music]
now I'm game is to of my chemistry
equipment then I have taken TAS to these
chemistry so I put on an hour-and-a-half
Tyler and I did that
here I'm doing the same cast but I can't
beautiful
now I'm wiping up this is more RF notes
from my textbook and here I'm going over
even more ethnic at this time I am
patient limb from a book lifted
opportunity
in the last clip to this video I am
sorting out my RF folder because I
didn't have enough dividers before and
so my folder was really messy so I
justify to go through it again after
this I will actually casted for two
hours but I decided not to comment so
thank you for watching and have fun
you